Update nordic board documentation [was: Rename nrf52dk_base to nrf52_base] (#1784)
tock/tock: boards/nordic/README.md

Nordic Family of Boards
=======================

There are several closely related boards from Nordic supported, or previously
supported, by Tock. Unfortunately, the Nordic naming scheme is a bit confusing,
so two notions get conflated:

  - The `nrf52xxx` family of chips, specifically for Tock the nrf52832 and nrf52840, is often referred to as the "nrf52" family of chips.
  - The development kit for the nrf52840 is called the nrf52840dk; the development kit for the nrf52832 is called nrf52dk.

The result is:

  - "nrf52" => nrf52832 chip or nrf52840 chip, which are on the nrf52dk and nrf52840dk respectively
  - "nrf52dk" => development board with the nrf52832 chip
  - "nrf52840dk" => development board with the nrf52840 chip
  - "nrf52840_dongle" => minimalist board with the nrf52840 chip

This naming matches the products released by Nordic, but users should be careful.

Additionally, the acd52832 board is a platform developed by Aconno that

> features a nrf52832.

Reviewer: Nit: add "chip" at the end of this sentence to add clarity?

> Tock heirarchy

Reviewer: Typo

> Tock hierarchy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tock Hierarchy
```

--------------

> As much is shared across these platforms, Tock adds to the mix "nrf52_base",

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As much is shared across these platforms, Tock adds to the mix "nrf52dk_base",
```

> As much is shared across these platforms, Tock adds to the mix "nrf52dk_base",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As much is shared across these platforms, Tock uses an "nrf52dk_base" crate.
```

> this is a library crate that contains code shared by boards that include any

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a library crate that contains code shared by boards that include any
```

chips from the nrf52 family.

Legacy Boards
-------------

Tock 1.3 was the last release with support for the nrf51, a old chip in this

> family that had a Cortex M0 with no MPU rather than an M4 with an MPU.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
family that has a Cortex M0 with no MPU.
```
